>> Steve Kinney: So let's go ahead.
First we are going to pull out the posts
into the context API so we can wrap.
Simply, this one the only component that
really cares about them is this post
component.
But there could be other use cases
as this application grows, so
we are just going to try and the pattern
in this case and kind of get used to it.
It doesn't feel right to put
it in my components folder, so
I'm going to make one additional folder,
>> Steve Kinney: And
we'll call this one providers.
And we'll make a new component
called posts, plural,
>> Steve Kinney: Provider.jsx.
And in here, we're going to basically
create a component that keeps
all of the posts in state, and can then
give them to child components for us.
And we can basically wrap any
component in this component.
It will receive the posts.
So we are going to need
a few things in this case,
we are going to need
>> Steve Kinney: React and
react component.
We know that we are going to
need firestore in this case.
>> Steve Kinney: Nice try, but
no dice from firebase and, eventually,
I'm going to need the formater,
but we'll pull that in a second.
Let's do it now.
Cool, so we'll go ahead and
we'll say class PostsProvider
>> Steve Kinney: Extends
a component
>> Steve Kinney: And the nice part about
this refactor is that it is effectively
a lot of copy and paste action.
So we'll go into application, and
>> Steve Kinney: We're
gonna want this piece that subscribes
to the changes in firestore.
>> Steve Kinney: We need the unsubscribe.
We're gonna keep track of the posts,
and then we never unsubscribed from
the off changes, so when we write the user
one, we're gonna have to do that as well.
So let's go ahead and we'll start with
grabbing this in our PostsProvider.
We'll say,
>> Steve Kinney: The state,
>> Steve Kinney: export default
PostsProvider, before I forget.
>> Steve Kinney: So this is, effectively,
some of it I'm just retyping, but
this is all code right now that is
stolen from the application component.
>> Steve Kinney: I'm gonna come on
unmounts,
>> Steve Kinney: And
then when it comes time to render,
>> Steve Kinney: What we're gonna do is
we're gonna create
a context about our post.
So we'll pull that in from react as well,
>> Steve Kinney: And
we'll say,
>> Steve Kinney: PostsContext
= createContext.
What is context?
There's an API that kind of exists in
react that allow components, basically
it allows you to skip the every component
must pass stuff down to its children.
It's basically, some higher level
component is wrapped in this provider, and
then any of the children
can tap in to that context
without having to pass
stuff all the way down.
It's a way to skip to everything
being an application component.
So only the components that need it
can sign up for that piece of state.
We've seen this before with Redux,
and MobX React uses it as well.
And we wrap the application, and then when
we say, okay, connect and we do the map
state to props and everything along those
lines that use the older context API.
The older context API, which was used by
React and MobX, and some of the libraries
like that, was kind of unstable and
not recommended for general consumption.
The newer one is now you can use it,
so we are going to.
All right, so we'll go ahead and
we'll render,
>> Steve Kinney: And
we're gonna need the
>> Steve Kinney: posts from, this.state.
Again, this is, so far, very similar
to what we had in
the application component.
You could theoretically have copied and
pasted most of this out so far.
Where it gets a little bit different
is that this component will
take some children.
>> Steve Kinney: And it will return the,
>> Steve Kinney: The posts context
has two sub components,
a provider and a consumer.
So here we're gonna provide the posts
>> Steve Kinney: To the children.
We're gonna feed the children some posts.
Except it's context, it's not content.
>> Steve Kinney: All right,
and we exported that.
That should be everything we need.